Case fold instead of lowercase (#3176)
matrix-org/matrix-doc: content/appendices.md

other text such as real name, angle brackets or a mailto: prefix.

In addition to lowercasing the domain component of an email address,

> implementations are expected to case fold the localpart as described
> in [the unicode mapping file](https://www.unicode.org/Public/8.0.0/ucd/CaseFolding.txt)
> prior to any processing. For example, `Strauß@Example.com` must be

Reviewer: sadly `casefolding.txt` doesn't cover all the bases (in particular, it doesn't cover the ß->ss example you give below :)

```suggestion
prior to any processing, implementations are expected to apply the
unicode case-folding algorithm as described under "Caseless Matching" 
in [chapter 5 of the unicode standard](https://www.unicode.org/versions/Unicode13.0.0/ch05.pdf#G21790).
For example, `Strauß@Example.com` must be
```

Author: This sounds like a concern of the MSC, as this was pulled straight out of there :)

Will take a look - we might need to update the MSC.

Reviewer: if the MSC doesn't quite define case-folding correctly, I don't think that's a major concern. IMHO MSCs need to clearly convey the intent, rather than being completely watertight.

Author: I more meant that per the process we also have to update the MSC to use the right link - that only requires another MSC if it's a drastic change.
